[DOCS] Adds HuggingFace example to inference API tutorial (#107298)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/tab-widgets/inference-api/infer-api-search.asciidoc

// TEST[skip:TBD]

As a result, you receive the top 10 documents that are closest in meaning to the

> query from the `cohere-embeddings` index sorted by their proximity to the
> query:

Author: ```suggestion
query from the `cohere-embeddings` index sorted by their proximity to the query:
```

// end::cohere[]

// tag::hugging-face[]

[source,console]
--------------------------------------------------
GET hugging-face-embeddings/_search
{
  "knn": {
    "field": "content_embedding",
    "query_vector_builder": {
      "text_embedding": {
        "model_id": "hugging_face_embeddings",
        "model_text": "What's margin of error?"
      }
    },
    "k": 10,
    "num_candidates": 100
  },
  "_source": [
    "id",
    "content"
  ]
}
--------------------------------------------------
// TEST[skip:TBD]

As a result, you receive the top 10 documents that are closest in meaning to the

> query from the `cohere-embeddings` index sorted by their proximity to the query:

Author: ```suggestion
query from the `hugging-face-embeddings` index sorted by their proximity to the query:
```
